[OUDS] Add "Dimension" tokens, utilities and documentation (#2754)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/0.0/layout/utilities.md

Should you need to add `display: flex` to an element, do so with `.d-flex` or one of the responsive variants (e.g., `.d-sm-flex`). You'll need this class or `display` value to allow the use of our extra [flexbox utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/flex" >}}) for sizing, alignment, spacing, and more.

## Margin and padding

> Use the `margin` and `padding` [spacing utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/spacing" >}}) to control how elements and components are spaced and sized. OUDS Web includes a eleven-level scale for spacing utilities, based on a `4px` value default `$ouds-dimension-base` variable. Choose values for all viewports (e.g., `.me-tall` for `margin-right: 16px` in LTR), or pick responsive variants to target specific viewports (e.g., `.me-md-tall` for `margin-right: 16px` —in LTR— starting at the `md` breakpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `margin` and `padding` [spacing utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/spacing" >}}) to control how elements and components are spaced and sized. OUDS Web includes an eleven-level scale for spacing utilities, based on a `4px` value default `$ouds-dimension-base` variable. Choose values for all viewports (e.g., `.me-tall` for `margin-right: 16px` in LTR), or pick responsive variants to target specific viewports (e.g., `.me-md-tall` for `margin-right: 16px` —in LTR— starting at the `md` breakpoint).
```

> Use the `margin` and `padding` [spacing utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/spacing" >}}) to control how elements and components are spaced and sized. OUDS Web includes a eight-level scale for spacing utilities, based on a `4px` value default `$ouds-dimension--space-fixed` variable. Choose values for all viewports (e.g., `.me-medium` for `margin-right: 16px` in LTR), or pick responsive variants to target specific viewports (e.g., `.me-md-medium` for `margin-right: 16px` —in LTR— starting at the `md` breakpoint).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `margin` and `padding` [spacing utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/spacing" >}}) to control how elements and components are spaced and sized. OUDS Web includes a eleven-level scale for spacing utilities, based on a `4px` value default `$ouds-dimension-base` variable. Choose values for all viewports (e.g., `.me-medium` for `margin-right: 16px` in LTR), or pick responsive variants to target specific viewports (e.g., `.me-md-medium` for `margin-right: 16px` —in LTR— starting at the `md` breakpoint).
```
